How-to guide on subscriptions and OGM (#101)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/ogm/subscriptions.adoc

> [[ogm-subscriptions]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[ogm-subscriptions]]
:description: This how-to guide shows how to use the OGM with subscriptions.
```

= How to use the OGM with subscriptions

> The Neo4j GraphQL Library can be used in conjunction with the OGM in order to extend the Library's functionalities, or to take advantage of the xref:ogm/private.adoc[`@private` directive]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Neo4j GraphQL Library can be used in conjunction with the OGM in order to extend the library's functionalities, or to take advantage of the xref:ogm/private.adoc[`@private` directive]. 
```

== Usage

This section shows how to use subscriptions with the OGM inside custom resolvers.

=== Prerequisites

. Use the following type definitions:
[source, javascript, indent=0]
----
const typeDefs = `#graphql
    type User {
      email: String!
      password: String! @private
    }
`;
----

. Set up a subscriptions plugin instance to be shared between the Library and the OGM constructors:
[source, javascript, indent=0]
----
const subscriptionsPlugin = new Neo4jGraphQLSubscriptionsSingleInstancePlugin();
----

> . Set up a server that supports subscriptions according to the xref:subscriptions/getting-started.adoc#setting-up-server[subscriptions reference usage].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set up a server that supports subscriptions.
See more instructions in the xref:subscriptions/getting-started.adoc#setting-up-server[Getting started page].
```

=== Adding the OGM

> In order to utilize the `@private` marked field on the `User` type, you need to create the `User` model.

Reviewer: I wonder if this line shouldn't be a step in the guide with an example of how to do that?

Also, to use the subscriptions, you need to pass in the subscriptions plugin instance to the OGM constructor:

[source, javascript, indent=0]
----
const ogm = new OGM({ typeDefs, driver, plugins: { subscriptions: subscriptionsPlugin } });
const Profile = ogm.model("Profile");
----

Make sure you initialize the OGM instance before using it by adding the following line to the `main()` function:
[source, javascript, indent=0]
----
await ogm.init();
----

=== Adding a custom resolver

> Custom resolvers can be used for multiple reasons such as performing data manipulation and checks, or interact with third party systems. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:custom-resolvers/[Custom resolvers] can be used for multiple reasons such as performing data manipulation and checks, or interact with third party systems. 
```

In this case, you only need to create a `User` node with the `password` field set.

> You can add a sign-up mutation, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do that by adding a sign-up mutation.
For example:
```
